Okay. I will keep that in mind in the future Thursdays meetings. Thank you for your input. I really appreciate it. Next slide please. .
So, simple, straightforward, talk about Microsoft Teams, Trello, and GitHub. Now, I noticed that some people did not use Teams for a few days, and I’d understand that you might be busy doing important life things. This is why I thought you might have some time in the mornings or afternoons or even evenings. Even if it is for a minute or two. I wouldn’t even mind five seconds if you’re too busy. 
For Trello, it takes almost no time to check. Because all you really need to look at, is the “Currently Working On” section and the “Finished” section. That’s basically all you need to watch out for. If you have the time, then you may look at the full board if you would like to. I have also seen that most people, apart from myself and two or three other people, have joined the board. I will not go into detail, if you could join the board, then I would be grateful. 
For Git Hub, obviously, we’ll be hosting the files on there. So, it is important and vital, that you check the upcoming page. Which I will set up today. And just upload the files on there. It is relatively simple to upload files on there, but if you don’t get it, then I will teach you, or anyone that did the website development module. If there is an error that you cannot solve by yourself, then post the file on Git Hub, then the commit must say “Error” or something like that, and post it on there, and maybe make sure you tell the team, on Microsoft Teams, or even Trello, the ongoing errors that you’ve been facing. 
Again, if you can check Microsoft Teams every weekday, even if it’s for a minute or two, or even five seconds, I would be grateful for that. And then you’ll need to upload every update you make to Git Hub, and if you can, update the Trello board as well. Thank you very much. 
Next slide please. .
And finally, I don’t want any of this talk. If someone doesn’t understand their position, just tell us. We will put you in the right direction. If you don’t know a thing, tell us about it and we will try our very best to help out. Okay? Because if someone tells another person, no I don’t want to do this, it’s too difficult or easy and it’s your role anyway, then I will have words with the person. And, frankly, I don’t want to do that. However, I will if I must. Next slide please. . 
As you may or may not know, Morgan has left the team. I had to update this PowerPoint to inform you all of that this morning. Although we could label him as a traitor, let’s not do that. Let’s all think about the future, and say goodbye to Morgan. He was rather quiet in our discussion anyway, he barely contributed in that discussion, he just asked questions of our project, which was a bit suspect. But anyway, basically shit happens and we need to move on. Okay, next slide please. .
Any questions?
